fix the npm ci (#95)
apache/skywalking-client-js: README.md

# Usage

## Install  

> The `skywalking-client-js` runtime library is available at [yarn]([https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/package/webpack/skywalking-client-js)].

Reviewer: Which yarn version do we need?

Author: in my local, i use version is 1.22.11 , it can effective for webpack

Reviewer: This is a doc for end users and developers, it should be very clear which versions(such as 1.22.x+ or something).

Author: Thanks, Let me add it.

# Usage

## Install  

> The `skywalking-client-js` runtime library is available at [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/package/skywalking-client-js).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The skywalking-client-js runtime library is available at [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/skywalking-client-js).
```

The yarn Version is V1.22.11 Or Higher. [Yarn Version](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/releases)
```

> yarn add skywalking-client-js --save

Reviewer 2: Change `yarn add skywalking-client-js --save` to `yarn add skywalking-client-js`.
And add this to here.
```
npm install skywalking-client-js --save
```

> yarn install skywalking-client-js --save

Reviewer 2: The `skywalking-client-js` runtime library is available at [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/skywalking-client-js).

```
npm install skywalking-client-js --save
```
```
yarn add skywalking-client-js
```

# Usage

## Install  

> The `skywalking-client-js` runtime library is available at [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/package/skywalking-client-js).

Reviewer 2: Here let's keep `npm`.

The yarn Version is V1.22.11 Or Higher. [Yarn Version](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/releases)
```

> yarn add skywalking-client-js

Reviewer 2: Could you put it in another code segment(``` xxx ```).
